fix: earliest/latest_by_offset should accept nulls (#5729)
confluentinc/ksql: docs/developer-guide/ksqldb-reference/aggregate-functions.md

Since: 0.10.0

```sql
EARLIEST_BY_OFFSET(col1, [ignoreNulls])
```

Stream

> Return the earliest value for a given column. 'Earliest' is defined as the value in the partition

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Return the earliest value for a given column. `Earliest` is the value in the partition

```

> with the lowest offset. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
has the lowest offset. 

```

> Optional parameter `ignoreNulls`, (since 0.13.0), controls if nulls are ignored or not. Defaulting

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The optional parameter, `ignoreNulls`, available since version 0.13.0, controls whether nulls are ignored. The default

```

> to ignoring null values.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
is to ignore null values.

```

Since: 0.13.0

```sql
EARLIEST_BY_OFFSET(col1, earliestN, [ignoreNulls])
```

Stream

> Return the earliest N values for a given column as an `ARRAY`. 'Earliest' is defined as the values 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Return the earliest _N_ values for a given column as an `ARRAY`. The "Earliest" values

```

> in the partition with the lowest offsets.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
in the partition have the lowest offsets.

```

> Optional parameter `ignoreNulls` controls if nulls are ignored or not. Defaulting

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The optional `ignoreNulls` parameter controls whether nulls are ignored. The default

```

> to ignoring null values.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
is to ignore null values.

```

Since: 0.8.0

```sql
LATEST_BY_OFFSET(col1, [ignoreNulls])
```

Stream

> Return the latest value for a given column. 'Latest' is defined as the value in the partition

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Return the latest value for a given column. The latest value in the partition

```

> with the greatest offset. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
has the largest offset. 

```

> Optional parameter `ignoreNulls`, (since 0.13.0), controls if nulls are ignored or not. Defaulting

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The optional `ignoreNulls` parameter, available since version 0.13.0, controls whether nulls are ignored. The default

```

to ignoring null values.

Since: 0.13.0

```sql
LATEST_BY_OFFSET(col1, latestN, [ignoreNulls])
```

Stream

> Returns the latest N values for a given column as an `ARRAY`. 'Latest' is defined

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Returns the latest _N_ values for the specified column as an `ARRAY`. The latest values have

```

> with the greatest offset.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the largest offset.

```

> Optional parameter `ignoreNulls` controls if nulls are ignored or not. Defaulting to ignoring 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The optional `ignoreNulls` parameter controls whether nulls are ignored. The default is to ignore

```
